# Cancer-Treatment-Visualization
A visualization of the results from an experimental cancer treatment in mice

According to the boxplot showing the final tumor volume of the four most successful treatment regimens, Capomulin and Ramicane are the two most successful treatment regimens. Their maximum final tumor volumes closely resemble the lower bounds of Infubinol and Ceftamin's final tumor volumes. Additionally, the line graph of a single mouse who underwent the Capomulin treatment shows a negative correlation between timepoint and tumor volume, indicating that the longer the mouse received the treatment the smaller its tumor became. Therefore, this further suggests the Capomulin treatment's success by showing a relationship between time on the Capomulin regimen and subsequent tumor reduction. Lastly, the correlation coefficient between mouse weight and average tumor volume for mice treated with Capomulin is 0.84, indicating that there is a strong correlation between the two variables. This correlation is positive, as indicated by the scatter plot and linear regression model of those two variables. A positive correlation between the two might mean that tumor volume directly affects a mouse's weight, likely as a result of the tumor's weight itself contributing to a higher overall weight for the mouse. To bring more clarity to this hypothesis one could subtract tumor volume from overall weight and plot the new weights with tumor volume to see if body weight alone increases, decreases, or remains neutral in relation to tumor  size. 